Updated description of self hosted cluster guides (#1971)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/self-hosted/latest/cluster-set-up/on-microsoft-aks.md

# How to Create a Cluster on Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)

> Instructions on how to greate an Microsoft AKS environment that is ready to install Gitpod are located in the [gitpod-io/gitpod-microsoft-aks-guide](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod-microsoft-aks-guide) repository on GitHub. The installation process takes around twenty minutes. In the end, the following resources are created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions on how to create a Microsoft AKS environment that is ready to install Gitpod are located in the [gitpod-io/gitpod-microsoft-aks-guide](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod-microsoft-aks-guide) repository on GitHub. The installation process takes around twenty minutes. In the end, the following resources are created:
```
